# CdhTestCaseFactory

CDH comes with an integrated framework that enables testing the inbuilt matching configuration. It is a handy feature to track changes to the matching configuration. The test framework acts like a blackbox: A pairwise comparison of two or more incoming records takes place to yield one of the results a) the records are certain matches, b) the records are possible matches and c) the records do not match. The CDH recognizes deviations between expected and actual outcome.

To determine the outcome of matching quality, we as consultants define a ruleset together with the customer. To make these rules more transparent to the customer, we work with concrete examples. These examples are defined in an excel sheet. The format is depicted in the attached excel sheet. For every example, the consultant needs to mention the expected matching outcome of two records in the title and the captions of the fields. CDHTestCaseFactory fetches the NoSQL data model (which is generated in XML - see the attached .config example) and retrieves the correct internal fields that match captions listed in the excel sheet. It also conducts a fuzzy string comparison on every title to retrieve the information on the expected outcome. 

Eventually, the CDHTestCaseFactory transforms the content into JSON format which is a readable format for CDH's test framework. For every test case defined in the spreadsheet, a separate JSON file is generated. These JSON files can be copied into the designated test framework directory of any CDH instance, making them available to CDH. 
